A minimal Python project for Deephaven/riptable integration (#2)
deephaven/deephaven-riptable: README.md

# Deephaven Riptable Integration

> deephaven-riptable is a Python package created by Deephaven Data Labs. It supports the conversion between Riptable Datasets and Deephaven tables.

Reviewer: and vice versa?

Author: Does `between' imply bi-directional?

Reviewer: The way it is worded implied unidirectional to me.

## Source Directory

### From the deephaven-riptable root 

> (clone from https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-riptable)

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this is supposed to be telling me.

## Dev environment setup
``` shell
$ pip3 install -r requirements-dev.txt
```

## Build
``` shell
$ python3 -m build --wheel
```

## Install
``` shell
$ pip3 install dist/deephaven_riptable-0.1.0-py3-none-any.whl
```

## Run examples/data_conv.py

> **The following 3 packages: riptable, deephaven-core, and deephaven-riptable must be installed first.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The following packages must be installed before running examples: riptable, deephaven-core, and deephaven-riptable**
```

*Note, currently installing riptable via pip or conda most likely would fail. Please reach out to the riptable team for help.*
``` shell

> $ python3 data_conv.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ python3 ./examples/data_conv.py
```
